README.md, before:

# CNN From Scratch

I am writing a Convolutional Neural Network Programme using only core Python packages. The idea behind this is that if I can build the model step by step, I will grow to understand how it works from the ground up. CNNs, being the most complicated ML algorithms should mean that once I have completed this I can understand all the other algorithms as well.

## Diagram

This diagram below shows a high level view of the structure of a Convolutional Neural Network.

![CNN Diagram](./imgs/CNN_Diagram.png)

Below is a quick sketch I made to help illustrate the flow through a CNN. The sketch depicts a simple input of shape 10x10 with a single convolutional layer using a filter of shape 3x3 and stride = 1. Then there is a pooling layer with a filter of shape 2x2 and stride 2 followed by a single fully connected layer before the binary output.

![CNN Sketch](./imgs/CNN_Sketch.png)


## Useful References

 - [TowardsDataScience - Convolutional Neural Networks from the ground up](https://towardsdatascience.com/convolutional-neural-networks-from-the-ground-up-c67bb41454e1)

 - [TowardsDataScience - Applied Deep Learning](https://towardsdatascience.com/applied-deep-learning-part-4-convolutional-neural-networks-584bc134c1e2)

 - [Convolutional Networks](https://cs231n.github.io/convolutional-networks/)

 - [MNIST database](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/)

 - [SuperDataScience - The Ultimate Guide to Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)](https://www.superdatascience.com/blogs/the-ultimate-guide-to-convolutional-neural-networks-cnn)
 
 - [Convolutions and Backpropagations](https://medium.com/@pavisj/convolutions-and-backpropagations-46026a8f5d2c)
 
 - [3Blue1Brown Backpropagation calculus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIeHLnjs5U8)

- [ML Cheatsheet](https://ml-cheatsheet.readthedocs.io)

- [Medium - Backpropagation for Convolution with Strides [> 1, w.r.t. inputs]](https://medium.com/@mayank.utexas/backpropagation-for-convolution-with-strides-8137e4fc2710)

- [Medium - Backpropagation for Convolution with Strides [> 1, w.r.t. filters]](https://medium.com/@mayank.utexas/backpropagation-for-convolution-with-strides-fb2f2efc4faa)

Commit message:

README Updated and other minor changes

README.md, after:

# CNN From Scratch

This 'CNN From Scratch' is a simple CNN framework that has been coded using only numpy for matrix mathematics. This project was done to explore, in detail how Convolutional Neural Networks work.

## Diagram

The diagram below shows an example forwards flow of a CNN.

![CNN Forwards](./imgs/CNN_Forwards.png)


## Useful References

 - [TowardsDataScience - Convolutional Neural Networks from the ground up](https://towardsdatascience.com/convolutional-neural-networks-from-the-ground-up-c67bb41454e1)

 - [TowardsDataScience - Applied Deep Learning](https://towardsdatascience.com/applied-deep-learning-part-4-convolutional-neural-networks-584bc134c1e2)

 - [Convolutional Networks](https://cs231n.github.io/convolutional-networks/)

 - [MNIST database](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/)

 - [SuperDataScience - The Ultimate Guide to Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)](https://www.superdatascience.com/blogs/the-ultimate-guide-to-convolutional-neural-networks-cnn)
 
 - [Convolutions and Backpropagations](https://medium.com/@pavisj/convolutions-and-backpropagations-46026a8f5d2c)
 
 - [3Blue1Brown Backpropagation calculus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIeHLnjs5U8)

- [ML Cheatsheet](https://ml-cheatsheet.readthedocs.io)

- [Medium - Backpropagation for Convolution with Strides [> 1, w.r.t. inputs]](https://medium.com/@mayank.utexas/backpropagation-for-convolution-with-strides-8137e4fc2710)

- [Medium - Backpropagation for Convolution with Strides [> 1, w.r.t. filters]](https://medium.com/@mayank.utexas/backpropagation-for-convolution-with-strides-fb2f2efc4faa)
